one morning, when gregor samsa woke from troubled dreams, he found himself transformed in his bed into a giant vermin.
one morning, when king samsa woke from troubled dreams, he found himself transformed in his bed into a horrible vermin.
one morning, when gregor samsa woke from troubled dreams, he found himself transformed in his bed into a horrible monster.
one morning, when gregori woke from troubled dreams, he found himself transformed in his bed into a horrible vermin.
one morning, when gregor samsa woke from his dreams, he found himself transformed in his bed into a horrible vermin.
One morning when Gregor Samsa and his wife woke up in troubled dreams, he was transformed into a horrible vermin.
one night, when gregor samsa woke from troubled dreams, he found himself transformed in his bed into a horrible vermin.
one morning, when gregor samsa woke from troubled dreams, he found himself transformed in his sleep into a horrible vermin.
One morning, when Gregor Samsa woke from troubled dreams, he found himself transformed in his bed into a horrible vermin.
he lay on his armour - like back, and if he lifted his head a little he could see his brown eyes, slightly domed and divided by arches into stiff sections.
he lay on his armour - like back, and if he lifted his head a little he could see his flat belly, slightly domed and divided by arches into stiff sections.
he lay on his armour - like back, and if he lifted his head a little he could see his brown belly, slightly domed and divided by inches into stiff sections.
he lay on his armour - like back, and if he lifted his head a little he could see his brown belly, slightly domed and divided by arches into stiff ridges.
he lay on his armour - like back, and if he lifted his head a little he could see his brown belly, slightly domed and divided by arches into two sections.
He lay on his armour-like back, and if he lifted his head a little he could see his brown belly, slightly domed and divided by arches into stiff sections.
he lay on his armour - like back, and if he lifted his head a little he could see his brown belly, slightly domed and divided by arches into stiff sections.
He lay on his back in an arms-like position, and though he did not lift his head, he'd see his brown belly, slightly domed, divided by arches by stiff sections.
he lay on his horse - like back, and if he lifted his head a little he could see his brown belly, slightly domed and divided by arches into stiff sections.
The bedding barely did cover it and seemed ready to slide off any moment.
The bedding was hardly able to cover it and seemed ready to slide off any moment.
the bedding was hardly able to cover it and seemed ready to slide off any second.
the bedding was hardly enough to cover it and seemed ready to slide off any moment.
his many legs, pitifully thin compared with the length of the rest of him, waved about helplessly as he looked.
He was a stern dupe while he looked at his many legs, an excellent pair of thin jeans and even the smaller size of a sister of hers.
his many legs, pitifully small compared with the size of the rest of him, waved about helplessly as he looked.
his many hands, pitifully thin compared with the size of the rest of him, waved about helplessly as he looked.
His many legs, pitifully thin compared with the size of the rest of him, waved about helplessly as he looked.
